	In the modern world, how we can really be loving writing? Sometimes, it seems like that typing the keyboard do a big bad affect when we are thinking, and when we are writing. Actually, when we are writing, and mind flow should flow smoothly, and should not stopped by a barrier. But sometimes typing for Chinese man is really a very hard thing. When typing with Chinese, our mind is slowed by many other steps that we do not have when we using a pen. 

	For example, when we typing on a computer, we must typing the word correctly, and then we should choose the right word that we need by using number keys. How ever using number keys when typing is really a bad block for our brain. Because we need to take more time to think which word we should choose and then back to the alphabet keys. That means we need to take extra two steps in typing which is just the small step of our mind reflections. 

	I do think taking more extra steps and time to do typing really block our mind, waste our brain cells, slowed the process of the mind reflections, and sometimes even interrupted the mind reflections that we are doing. So I think take less steps on typing and less time on typing can really help us to think well when we sit front the computer. 

	Yes, it is right. When we sit front of the computer, we really need more patience to do writing. The computer making people to feel unquiet, and less patient, and just blundering work. A good coder really need to have a quiet brain, and always not to be blundering. Just sit down, put your heart down, and slowly do something that really help. 

	We don't need ourselves to do to much at a time, but keeping a quiet heart is much more important that doing more. Because sometimes,  what we are busing doing is meaningless, and we will forget our word in a few hours later. So if we take lots of time just doing so, that means we just take lots of time blundering our heart and watching a quick and hurry movie and then forget it. 


--end at 22:49, 11/24/2014
